To run the programs, you need to have the graph in the konect format inside a folder contained in this directory. For example, the 'test' folder.

Firstly, follow the instructions contained in the beginning of the file 'get_metis_format.cpp' in order to compile the file and to run it with the choosen graph. After running it, you will get the graph in the metis format in the same folder as the konect graph.

Then, run gpmetis on the metis file that you got: ```gpmetis metis-file number-of-partitions```

Then, follow the instructions contained in the beginning of the file 'get_communities.cpp' in order to get the file with the communities and the file with the catalog.

If you want to generate random mixtures of stars, cliques, paths and cycles, see the intructions at the beginning of the file 'generate_random_graph.cpp'.

If you want to GraphViz files from a graph in Konect format, see the instructions contained in the beginning of the file 'get_graphviz_format.cpp'.

If you want to generate small world graphs and see the time taken by the boost isomorphism algorithm on it, see the instructions in the file 'test_iso_small_world.cpp'.

If you want to see the communities generated by Louvain algorithm, use the jar file 'CommunityViewer.jar'. For example: 

```java -jar CommunityViewer.jar ca-AstroPh_communities.out```

It needs only one community per line.

There is also the jar file 'ComputeCommunities.jar' to compute community decomposition with Louvain algorithm. It needs two parameters: the file containing the graph and the resolution value (a double value, for example: 0.5, 0.1, 0.01 etc). For example:

```java -jar ComputeCommunities.jar ca-AstroPh.edges 0.01```

It's possible to generate a lot of random graphs using the jar file 'RandomGraphGeneration.jar'. To see the options, run:

```java -jar RandomGraphGeneration.jar```

